c:\users\aileen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication5\WindowsApplication5\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication5.Dashboard.resources
c:\users\aileen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication5\WindowsApplication5\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication5.Customers.resources
c:\users\aileen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication5\WindowsApplication5\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication5.Settings.resources
c:\users\aileen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication5\WindowsApplication5\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication5.Users.resources
c:\users\aileen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication5\WindowsApplication5\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication5.LogForm.resources
c:\users\aileen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication5\WindowsApplication5\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication5.Stocks.resources
c:\users\aileen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication5\WindowsApplication5\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication5.ViewStockoutList.resources
c:\users\aileen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication5\WindowsApplication5\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication5.Resources.resources
c:\users\aileen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication5\WindowsApplication5\obj\Debug\Inventory Management System - Group 3.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\aileen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication5\WindowsApplication5\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication5.exe
c:\users\aileen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication5\WindowsApplication5\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication5.pdb
c:\users\aileen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication5\WindowsApplication5\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication5.xml
c:\users\aileen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication5\WindowsApplication5\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication5.exe
c:\users\aileen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication5\WindowsApplication5\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication5.xml
c:\users\aileen\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication5\WindowsApplication5\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication5.pdb
C:\Users\Aileen\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication5\WindowsApplication5\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication5.StocksOut.resources
C:\Users\Aileen\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Inventory Management System - Group 3\WindowsApplication5\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication5.exe
C:\Users\Aileen\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Inventory Management System - Group 3\WindowsApplication5\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication5.xml
C:\Users\Aileen\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Inventory Management System - Group 3\WindowsApplication5\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication5.pdb
C:\Users\Aileen\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Inventory Management System - Group 3\WindowsApplication5\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication5.exe
C:\Users\Aileen\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Inventory Management System - Group 3\WindowsApplication5\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication5.pdb
C:\Users\Aileen\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Inventory Management System - Group 3\WindowsApplication5\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication5.xml
C:\Users\Aileen\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Inventory Management System - Group 3\WindowsApplication5\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication5.Dashboard.resources
C:\Users\Aileen\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Inventory Management System - Group 3\WindowsApplication5\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication5.Customers.resources
C:\Users\Aileen\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Inventory Management System - Group 3\WindowsApplication5\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication5.Settings.resources
C:\Users\Aileen\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Inventory Management System - Group 3\WindowsApplication5\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication5.StocksOut.resources
C:\Users\Aileen\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Inventory Management System - Group 3\WindowsApplication5\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication5.Users.resources
C:\Users\Aileen\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Inventory Management System - Group 3\WindowsApplication5\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication5.LogForm.resources
C:\Users\Aileen\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Inventory Management System - Group 3\WindowsApplication5\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication5.Stocks.resources
C:\Users\Aileen\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Inventory Management System - Group 3\WindowsApplication5\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication5.ViewStockoutList.resources
C:\Users\Aileen\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Inventory Management System - Group 3\WindowsApplication5\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication5.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Aileen\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Inventory Management System - Group 3\WindowsApplication5\obj\Debug\Inventory Management System - Group 3.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
